97 results, the pollution reference results, did you stay up to watch? Were you somewhere
else? No, I didn't stay up to watch. By the end, actually, I felt curiously detached from
it. And it was probably because I'd been so intensely involved in drafting the settlements
that I was tired of it by then. I remember that very well. And up to my eyeballs in legislation
going through, especially about universities. So I didn't stay up and I didn't really appreciate
the drama of how close it was. I mean, I think I understood the importance of it as far as
the government was concerned. Because if we had have lost that vote, that would have been
a big early defeat. And whenever later I have criticised the Welsh Assembly, because I'm
quite disappointed in it really. I don't think it's made us a better country. Significantly,
anyway. My wife, Ilyesola, says to me, just shut up, right? You had a chance to voice
your opposition to it and you didn't even have the balls to vote against it in the privacy
of a polling booth. She knows, does she? She says the same thing to Paul Murphy, but well.
When you woke up the next day, therefore, was it a surprise to you that it had been
carried? No, no, no. I thought we would win it. But I was surprised at how close it was.
I don't know whether it's true or not, but these stories about Ron Davis going home,
didn't he? And he started to drive home and ready to resign, presumably. Probably lost
the vote. We'll never find out. No, we will never find out. Finally. He worked down the
hard road, but he really did. He threw everything into it. It must have been a very scary time
for him, I'd have thought.